Necron Lychguard

Abilities

Dynastic Domain : Using primary constructs an blackstone monolith. The monolith can be destroyed when it has taken a certain amount of damage. 
Blackstone Monolith
 
40 health points✔️
Duration : 30 seconds✔️
Cooldown : 90 seconds✔️
Radius : 16 blocks✔️
While inside the area of effect of the blackstone monolith, the Necron receives:
 
Magic Protection ✔️
Reduces cooldown of "Atomizing Strikes" to a 1 second cooldown ✔️ 
Increases Necrodermis Frame regen to 2 hp every 5 seconds ✔️
Anyone else inside the area of effect of the blackstone monolith receives debuffs. These include:
 
Clearing of all potion effects, positive and negative ✔️

Hyperphasic Recall - Once during the uptime of the blackstone monolith, the necron can teleport to the monolith by clicking primary left click ✔️

Blackstone Dampeners - Clicking primary right click sends out a wave of weakness. Can either come from the necron or the blackstone monolith, with varying effects✔️
 
Radius : 16 blocks
From necron, the wave gives entities -1 damage.✔️
From monolith, the waves gives entities -3 damage. ✔️


Dimensional Corridor : Secondary right click teleports the user to an eternity gate. The necron can set up one eternity gate by clicking secondary.
Eternity Gate
 
Can be crafted by Necron
The Necron teleports to the closest person holding an eternity gate.
Crafting Recipe: 1 Respawn Anchor / 6 Blackstone / 2 Emerald blocks

Passives
Forged body - The necrodermis frame of a necron makes it immune to extreme temperatures up to a point. ✔️ 
 
Immune to fire/lava and frostbite ✔️ 
water sink, 40% less movement in water, no drown ✔️  

Atomizing Swings - The necron's tools cut through the triarch's enemies and blocks like butter.
 
Any hits dealt with a sword or axe will do 1 true damage ✔️
All tools mine 20% faster ✔️  

Energy Siphon - The necron siphons energy from specially crafted ingots in order to stay online. ✔️
 
Unable to gain hunger/saturation from food ✔️
Energy Ingot
 
Can be crafted by Necron
Right click to consume for "energy".
Crafting Recipe: 3 copper, 4 gold, 2 iron

Soulless Metal - The necron’s necrodermis frame lacks a soul, leaving it vulnerable to the arcane and unable to teleport. ✔️
 
Unable to be affected by potions ✔️
Protection does not reduce magic damage ✔️ 
Cannot use ender pearls/chorus fruit ✔️ 

Necrodermis Frame - The living metal of a necron slowly repairs any damage. ✔️
 
Regen 1 hp every 5 seconds ✔️
After 20 seconds without taking damage, regen is increased to 2 hp every second. ✔️